{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff13\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was jasonlarkin_cv.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Fri Aug 16 22:00:06 2013
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f13\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl1084\margr1084\margt1084\margb1084\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f13\aftnnar
{\fs18 {\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\fs34 \scaps {{\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Jason M Larkin}}}}}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 4763 Sherwood Dr, Pittsburgh PA 15236 {{{\f6\'B7}}} (412) 398-8813 {{{\f6\'B7}}} {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "mailto:jasonlarkin84@gmail.com" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{jasonlarkin84@gmail.com}}} {{{\f6\'B7}}} {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://jasonlarkin.github.io}}}  \par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 { {\scaps Career Overview and Objective}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 I have extensive experience performing experimental and numerical studies in condensed matter physics. My interests include multi-language development for applications ranging from high-performance parallel computing to smart phones, and open-source collaboration to improve the way research is performed and the way results are disseminated.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 { {\scaps Education}}   \par
{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Carnegie Mellon University} Pittsburgh, PA {{{\f6\'B7}}} PhD Mechanical Engineering, 2013 GPA: 3.85/4.00\par
{{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1134\fi0 Thesis: {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io/projects-phd.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Thermal Modeling of Disordered Materials.}}}} Numerically investigated thermal properties of crystal alloys, glasses, and organic materials using classical and {\i ab initio}-based atomistic techniques. \par
}{{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1134\fi0 Coursework:} molecular/electron structure {{{\f6\'D7}}} nanoscale transport phenomena {{{\f6\'D7}}} numerical methods \par
}{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi300 University of Pittsburgh} Pittsburgh, PA {{{\f6\'B7}}} MS Mechanical Engineering, 2009 GPA: 3.70/4.00\par
{{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1134\fi0 Thesis: {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io/projects-ms.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Statistics of Particle Concentrations in Free-Surface Turbulence.}}}} Performed experiments using novel 2D and 3D flow configurations to study turbulence as a nonlinear dynamical system. \par
}{{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1134\fi0 Coursework:} quantum and statistical physics {{{\f6\'D7}}} turbulence {{{\f6\'D7}}} chaos and nonlinear phenomena \par
}{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi300 University of Pittsburgh} Pittsburgh, PA {{{\f6\'B7}}} BS Mechanical Engineering, 2007 GPA: 3.20/4.00\par
{{\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1134\fi0 Research: } Used computational fluid dynamics to design a model arterial bifurcation for {\i in vivo} study. \par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi300 { {\scaps Experience}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 { {\b Carnegie Mellon University} (2010-2012) {\ul {\b {\i Teaching Assistant-Heat Transfer}}}\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Topics in conduction, convection, and radiation. Supervised recitations and substituted for lectures. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\b University of Pittsburgh} (2008) {\ul {\b {\i Teaching Assistant-Advanced Fluid Mechanics}}}\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Topics in viscous flow, boundary layer theory, and scale similarity. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\b University of Pittsburgh} (2007-2009) {\ul {\b {\i Lecturer-Physics}}}\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Lectured to students and faculty on mathematics, bio-physics, turbulence, statistical and nonlinear phenomena. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\b Precision Therapeutics} (2006-2007) {\ul {\b {\i Intern-Technology Development}}}\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Worked with team of software developers and laboratory equipment specialists. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab Used CADD to design and fabricate components of optical microscopes and laboratory automation controls. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\scaps Skills}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt}\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b Computing Languages:} Matlab, Fortran, Python, C/C++, Java, {\plain L{\up5\fs16 A}T{\dn6 E}X}, Shell, Perl, Markdown, HTML.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b High-Performance Computing:} linux/unix cluster administration/computing, parallel computation (MPI, OpenMP), mixed-language development, open-source development (Git, {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://github.com/jasonlarkin" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Github}}}, {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/find/physics/1/au:+Larkin_J/0/1/0/all/0/1" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{arXiv}}}).\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b General Computing:} linux/unix, Mac OS, Windows, Microsoft Office.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b Modeling:} atomistic simulation, quantum chemistry, nanoscale transport, statistical and nonlinear systems.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b Hardware:} general computing, optics/lasers, DI/DO AI/AO interfaces, simple automation, machining, circuitry. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\scaps Projects}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt}\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://ntpl.me.cmu.edu/research.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Quantum Mechanics-Driven Prediction of Nanostructure Thermal Conductivity}}}:} served as investigator under the {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.wpafb.af.mil/afrl/afosr/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{AFOSR}}} with collaborators at Carnegie Mellon and Univ. of Pitt., performing calculations on the {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.hpcmo.hpc.mil/cms2/index.php" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{DOD\rquote s HPCMP}}}.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jasonlarkin/disorder" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{disorder}}}:} a comprehensive repository of open-source code and data from my PhD thesis, hosted on Github.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ntpl/ntpy" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{ntpy}}}:} created this open-source collaborative effort between members of {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://ntpl.me.cmu.edu/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{NTPL}}} and {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.mie.utoronto.ca/labs/atoms/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{University of Toronto}}}.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://projects.ivec.org/gulp/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{GULP}}}:} international collaboration with {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://nanochemistry.curtin.edu.au/people/staff.cfm/J.Gale" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Julian Gale}}} at the {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://nanochemistry.curtin.edu.au/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Nanochemistry Research Institute}}} at {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.curtin.edu.au/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Curtin University}}}.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\b {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io/projects-ms.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Statistics of Free-Surface Turbulence}}}:} international collaboration with {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://perso.ens-lyon.fr/alain.pumir/Pumir_webpage.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Alain Pumir}}} at {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.ens-lyon.eu/annuaire/m-pumir-alain-83656.kjsp?RH=ZYZYZYZYZYZYZYZYZYZYZY" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{ENS Lyon}}}, France.\par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \fi0 { {\scaps {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io/pub.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Publications}}} (selected, 11 total)}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab "Origin of the Exceptionally Low Thermal Conductivity of Fullerene Derivative PCBM Films", (in progress). \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab "Decorrelating a Compressible Turbulent Flow: an Experiment", {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://pre.aps.org/abstract/PRE/v82/i1/e016301" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Phys. Rev. E 82, 016301 (2010).}}} \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\scaps {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://jasonlarkin.github.io/pres.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Presentations}}} (selected, 15 total)}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab "Evaluation of the Virtual Crystal Approximation for Predicting Thermal Conductivity", J.M. Larkin (speaker), A.J.H. McGaughey, {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.mrs.org/spring2013/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{2013 MRS Spring Meeting}}} San Francisco, CA. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab "The Generalized Fractal Dimensions of a 2-D Compressible Turbulence", J. Larkin (speaker), M. Bandi, W. Goldburg, {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://meetings.aps.org/Meeting/MAR08/Content/1017" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{2008 American Physical Society March Meeting}}} New Orleans, LA. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\scaps Honors}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.asmeconferences.org/HT2012/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{2012 ASME MHNMT International Summer Heat Transfer Conference}}} Top 5 Technical Paper \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.cmu.edu/me/news/archive/2011/bennett-conference.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{2011 Bennett Conference Best Presentation}}} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab {\f16 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.ices.cmu.edu/newsitem.asp?NewsID=749" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{2011 ICES Northrop-Gruman Fellow}}} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab 2007-2009 NSF Graduate Student Research Grant University of Pittsburgh Deptartment of Physics. \par
}}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 { {\scaps Memberships}}   \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li600\fi-300 {{{{\f6\'B7}}}}{0pt -2pt} \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab American Physical Society {{{\f6\'D7}}} American Society of Mechanical Engineers {{{\f6\'D7}}} Materials Research Society {{{\f6\'D7}}} Society of Industrial and Applied Mathematics {{{\f6\'D7}}} DOD High Performance Computing Modernization Program \par
}}}}
